The two projects I included in this repository are the Thermostat Project and the Flashing LEDs project. I wanted to include the flashing lights project as it was my first embedded systems project. The project required that we make two lights flash, alternating between the two. The second project, the Thermostat project, was the final project that required us to implement the I2C temperature sensor, two GPIO buttons on the microcontroller board, UART to transmit data, and an indicator light. We created a set temperature and used the buttons to increase or decrease that temperature, and then the system would turn the heat on (light on) or turn the heat off (light off) if the temperature was below or above the set temperature, respectively. I think I did both projects relatively well. I was able to originally set up the Flashing LEDs project on my own and figure out how to program the board correctly. I think I overall did well on the thermostat as well, but struggled to implement the changed UART code.

I definitely learned that I need to improve on my debugging skills. While I was able to solve some problems, there were a few that challenged me in the thermostat project, mainly implementing the UART. I'm glad I had the chance to use Code Composer Studio to work through these embedded systems projects. While I don't plan on going into the embedded systems field, this could be beneficial for other programming as I have now done some work implementing other systems and hardware into my projects.

I think I made this code maintainable and readable by using as little code as I could to program the task scheduler and used a good amount of comments to describe what different parts of the scheduler do, so that others can easily look at this project and understand what each block of code does.
